# Ciaccona - Talents

## Normal Attack: Quadruple Time Steps

**Basic Attack**

- Perform up to 4 consecutive attacks, dealing Aero DMG. Basic Attack Stage 4 inflicts 1 stack of Aero Erosion upon the target hit.

- When the first three stages of Ciaccona's Basic Attack are interrupted by dodging, press Basic Attack in time to resume the attack cycle and cast the corresponding Basic Attack stage.

- After Basic Attack Stage 4, Ciaccona starts a Solo Concert. If Ciaccona's Basic Attack Stage 4 or Solo Concert ends early (proactively or being interrupted), an Ensemble Sylph is generated.

**Solo Convert**

When Ciaccona or Ensemble Sylph performs Solo Concert, they give 24% Aero DMG Bonus to all nearby Resonators in the team. This effect is not stackable.

**Ensemble Sylph**

- Up to 2 Ensemble Sylphs may exist simultaneously.

- If Ciaccona's Basic Attack Stage 4 is interrupted, the Ensemble Sylphs generated will finish the attack for Ciaccona and enter Solo Concert.

- If Ciaccona's Solo Concert is interrupted, the Ensemble Sylphs generated will continue the Solo Concert for Ciaccona.

- Aside from the two situations mentioned above, Ensemble Sylphs generated by Resonance Skill will finish Ciaccona's current attack without entering Solo Concert.

**Heavy Attack**

Consume STA to jump into mid-air and attack the target, dealing Aero DMG.

**Aimed Attack**

Press Aim to enter Aiming Mode to fire charged shots, dealing Aero DMG, considered Heavy Attack DMG.

**Mid-air Attack**

Consume STA to perform up to 2 consecutive attacks, dealing Aero DMG.

Press Normal Attack after Mid-air Attack Stage 2 to cast Basic Attack Stage 4.

**Dodge Counter**

Follow up successful Dodges with Basic Attack to attack the target, dealing Aero DMG.

---

## Resonance Skill: Harmonic Allegro

Move a certain distance, dealing Aero DMG and inflicting 1 stack of Aero Erosion on the target upon hit.

Press Normal Attack in time to cast Basic Attack Stage 2.

- When Ciaccona interrupts Basic Attack, Heavy Attack, Mid-air Attack, or Solo Concert with Resonance Skill, an Ensemble Sylph is generated.

- Ciaccona's Resonance Skill can be cast in mid-air.

---

## Resonance Liberation: Singer's Triple Cadenza

Ciaccona and Ensemble Sylphs perform an Improvised Symphonic Poem together, dealing Aero DMG once to the nearby targets and entering Recital.

**Recital**

When in Recital, sound waves will periodically radiate around Ciaccona. When the sound wave overlaps with the circle indicator, press the green or yellow buttons to generate Symphonic Poem: Tonic of the corresponding color and recover a certain amount of Concerto Energy.

During Recital:

- Switching to another Resonator doesn't end Recital, but automatically generates a Symphonic Poem: Tonic matching the color of the last generated Tonic before switching. A green Symphonic Poem: Tonic is generated by default if no interaction input is given before switching to another Resonator.

- Ciaccona is immune to interruptions and takes 50% less DMG.

- Exit Recital by pressing Resonance Liberation again or switching Ciaccona back onto the field.

- Ensemble Sylphs can now directly grant Aero DMG Bonus provided by Solo Concert.

**Symphonic Poem: Tonic**

- Green Tonic: Deal Aero DMG to nearby targets and inflict a stack of Aero Erosion on targets hit.

- Yellow Tonic: Deal Aero DMG to nearby targets and inflict a stack of Spectro Frazzle on targets hit.

---

## Forte Circuit: Symphony of Wind and Verse

**Heavy Attack - Quadruple Downbeat**

When there are 3 segments of Musical Essence, Heavy Attack is replaced with Heavy Attack - Quadruple Downbeat.

Consume all Musical Essence to shoot Downbeat Notes forward to deal Aero DMG, pulling in the nearby targets and inflicting 1 stack of Aero Erosion on the target hit.

Heavy Attack - Quadruple Downbeat can be cast in mid-air close to the ground.

**Musical Essence**

Ciaccona can hold up to 3 segments of Musical Essence.

Casting Basic Attack Stage 4 or Intro Skill recovers 1 segment of Musical Essence.

---

## Inherit Skills

### Interlude Tune

Casting Resonance Liberation Singer's Triple Cadenza grants Ciaccona a Shield equal to 100% of her Max HP for 4s. Switching out Ciaccona removes the Shield.

### Winds of Rinascita

Increase Heavy Attack - Quadruple Downbeat's DMG by 30%.

---

## Intro Skill: Roaming with the Wind

Attack the target to deal Aero DMG and inflict a stack of Aero Erosion.

Follow up with Basic Attack in time to cast Basic Attack Stage 3.

---

## Outro Skill: Windcalling Tune

Aero Erosion DMG dealt to targets near the active Resonator is Amplified by 100% for 30s.